# Aruh

Aruh is a java-based android application that contains all the necessary academic requirements for a college student at one place. This application gets you covered everything from academics, so that you concentrate on skill building and co-curriculars, which are a must for a better career. It's wise to know that academics is not the single requirement for a student. So why waste your time on things that can be handled by a single application in your smartphone? Simplify your academic lifestyle and keep ascending as the name suggests.

Fork the repository, make your changes and create a pull request in order to contribute to my work. Don't forget to keep fetching for the latest changes. Have a look into the issues section for existing bugs and required features. Feel free to create new issues if you find a bug or want to implement a new feature. Thanks in advance ;)

### Features:
Dynamic timetable keeps you updated with upcoming classes. Any changes in the timetable, swapping or cancellation of classes, or shifting are all updated in the app itself by the class representatives who are responsible to look over the changes.

The entire application is role-based. Roles can be assigned to class members. Class representative(s) (CR) have the highest role and are responsible to keep the class information up-to-date. The creator of the classroom is a class representative by default. Class representatives are changing every semester. There can be more than one representative too, so the CR role can be assigned to any other member by the existing CR(s). Other roles can be made too to control the access to various features.

Courses and Attendance tab keeps you updated with basic information, upcoming assignments, or any work assigned in any course, course plan and materials along with the attendance recorded by the student in that course. Class representative is required to update the attendance and upcoming assignments or relevant links related to the course. They can record the roll numbers of all the absent students to make the work easy. Students can check the work and attendance and can raise issues in the forum section if there are any mistakes.

Notice board contains any and all important announcements for the classroom. Academic Calendar contains the academic calendar ,a PDF document issued by the institute. Institution website navigates to the institution website. The upcoming activities section will have a timeline that is auto generated by the app based on the activities recorded from each course.

Chat section will have a forum for classroom, where different channels can be made in different categories. Access to different channels is based on roles. The conversation is limited to text in order to reduce server costs.

Clubs section will have a list of all clubs in the institute. This section is unplanned and any new ideas that match the requirements will be considered.

Profile section comes with all profile and app preferences. Users can change from a given set of preferences to match their tastes.
